README.md, before:

# Popular-Movies

Project for Udacity - Associate Android Developer Fast Track Nanodegree.
Note: Migrated to Kotlin and modernize libraries. 

## Api Key

In order to run this project, you must create file project.properties on root and add a TheMovieDB Api Key like this: 
tmdApiKey="XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX"

## Screenshots

![](https://github.com/icerrate/Popular-Movies/blob/master/art/01.png) __
![](https://github.com/icerrate/Popular-Movies/blob/master/art/02.png)

![](https://github.com/icerrate/Popular-Movies/blob/master/art/03.png)
![](https://github.com/icerrate/Popular-Movies/blob/master/art/04.png)
![](https://github.com/icerrate/Popular-Movies/blob/master/art/05.png)

## Author

* [icerrate](https://github.com/icerrate)

## License

    Copyright 2025 Ivan Cerrate

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.

Commit message:

Update claude info during assisted programming session

README.md, after:

# Popular-Movies

Project for Udacity - Associate Android Developer Fast Track Nanodegree.
Note: Migrated to Kotlin and modernize libraries with claude code to check capabilities and improve prompting. 

## Api Key

In order to run this project, you must create file project.properties on root and add a TheMovieDB Api Key like this: 
tmdApiKey="XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX"

## Screenshots

![](https://github.com/icerrate/Popular-Movies/blob/master/art/01.png) __
![](https://github.com/icerrate/Popular-Movies/blob/master/art/02.png)

![](https://github.com/icerrate/Popular-Movies/blob/master/art/03.png)
![](https://github.com/icerrate/Popular-Movies/blob/master/art/04.png)
![](https://github.com/icerrate/Popular-Movies/blob/master/art/05.png)

## Author

* [icerrate](https://github.com/icerrate)

## License

    Copyright 2025 Ivan Cerrate

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.
